---
layout: thread
title: Rumors of a Witch
description: I don't understand why they told me to stay away from the witch who lived just beyond the edge of town. Her sympathetic smile felt warm, and when she invited me inside, her kindness was impossible to refuse.
date: Thu Sep 02 16:35:40 +0000 2021
twid: 1433468673466028038
tags:
  - witches
  - becoming
  - first person
links:
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>I don't understand why they told me to stay away from the witch who lived just beyond the edge of town. Her sympathetic smile felt warm, and when she invited me inside, her kindness was impossible to refuse.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>They said she lived with only one foot in our world, the rest of her somewhere Beyond. But her small cottage felt more like home than the place I grew up. The crackling fire and the smell of spices I could not name brought comfort I sorely needed.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>They warned me that—if I had to deal with her—I must not eat or drink what she gives me, nor accept a gift without payment. Yet the tea she shared with me relaxed the tension in my neck I had stopped noticing, and the sweet pastries crumbled so delicately with each bite.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>I was urged to scrutinize her every word for trickery, but, ah! She told such funny stories, made such insightful observations, I lost track of time enjoying open and carefree conversation as though we were long time friends.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Above all else they impressed on me the importance of guarding my mind against her. Staring into her piercing gaze, that worry never crossed my mind. Those eyes caught the firelight like gems, and with every blink fewer eyelids closed than opened.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Perhaps they said something about hardening my heart, but that was long forgotten when the dam burst and the tears I'd held back for years flowed. She unfurled herself and embraced me with every limb. When I squeezed my eyes shut, her kind gaze lingered, staining that darkness.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>They certainly insisted I should not tarry long with her. I rejected their advice. It wasn't a blanket she wrapped me in, but it brought comfort all the same. She carried me to a place of quiet and warmth and whispered that I would be safe there until I was ready to emerge.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Whoever ignores their warnings, so they said, disappears and is never seen again. Maybe they were right after all. The person who left home to meet a witch is not who I now am after meeting her, and that person will not be coming back.</p>
<p>Even better, I am not yet what I will be.</p>
</section>
</article>
