---
layout: thread
title: The Artifact
description: You never questioned why your exploration of this hidden temple's ruins went ...
date: Wed Sep 08 13:53:16 +0000 2021
twid: 1435602128173735940
tags:
  - masks
  - corruption
  - gods
  - ruins
  - merging selves
  - mind control
  - first person
  - second person
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>You never questioned why your exploration of this hidden temple's ruins went so smoothly and easily, did you? How you seemed to instinctually notice the hidden passages and trap triggers? You and your fellows rode a wave of excitement all the way to the most hidden chamber here.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>And while the others marveled at the priceless, sacred—and above all else gold—artifacts, your eyes drifted immediately to the much more plainly adorned ceramic mask on its pedestal. You knew immediately that this mask was the reason for the temple's construction.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The mask's face represented a powerful being in the folklore of these people. She was a goddess or a demon—your research seemed unclear on this point—who brought chaos and toppled rulers and had to be tricked and sealed away. You needed that mask.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The others did not notice as you crossed the room to the mask, absent-mindedly brushed aside the delicate patterns of blood-stained sand intricately arranged around it, and felt those same instincts that guided you safely to this room urge you to wear the mask.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The cool ceramic feels pleasant on your skin as the mask slips on you and I slip into you. My face clings to yours as I flex our fingers experimentally. I hear your panicked voice inside, and I whisper reassurances to you. We are a team now, you and I, and I will take care of us.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>You know enough about me. You know my nature. There are those who rule even in this age whose rule you would relish ending, surely?</p>
<p>Oh. That's so many. Good girl, you will soon see how pleasurable it is to be us. With such a list, we had better get to work.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>And what better way to start gathering worshippers than with our little team here? We snap our fingers, drawing their attention in unison to our face. Our eyes drain from them all their useless desires, needs, and goals and replace them with us. They kneel in reverence.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>We feel us both reveling in such worship. And why shouldn't we? We are a goddess, and we will feed each other very well as we make our mark upon the world.</p>
</section>
</article>
