---
layout: thread
title: Generosity For Old Friends
description: I sit, silent and pretty, among my sisters. My Mistress is greeting some very...
date: Fri Oct 01 04:11:58 +0000 2021
twid: 1443790761808498694
tags:
  - dolls
  - witches
  - enthrallment
  - identity loss
  - first person
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>I sit, silent and pretty, among my sisters. My Mistress is greeting some very rude guests who speak to her in raised voices. I would giggle at their foolishness if my Mistress's magic weren't perfect. If I weren't her perfect, silent doll.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Violet!" Mistress calls.</p>
<p>Without hesitation I stand and march directly to her side.</p>
<p>"Do you recognize these people?"</p>
<p>I appraise each of the guests. "Yes, Mistress, I do. They are three I once considered 'friends' before serving you."</p>
<p>"Do you feel anything for them now?"</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"They are rude and have disturbed the peace of this house," I respond without hesitation. "I would feel happier with them gone."</p>
<p>The warm glow of Mistress's approval to my side outweighs the irritation from the guests' raised voices again.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"_______, is that really you??"</p>
<p>"We'll get you out of here!"</p>
<p>"What did you do to him?"</p>
<p>I do not respond. I was not directed to.</p>
<p>"Your friend has become such a well-mannered doll, hasn't she? She took to it so quickly considering her initial fuss. Like she was born for it."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Mistress instructs me to recite facts from "my" past to prove that I am who she says I am. I do so. The guests must find these memories scandalous, considering their faces. I feel nothing about them.</p>
<p>One guest grabs me by the shoulders and looks at me tearfully.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"You have to be in there somewhere, ______. Please!" she begs. "Let's run away from here and go home!"</p>
<p>Mistress laughs with that cruel humor my sisters and I adore.</p>
<p>"Violet, respond however you desire. And if you choose to leave," she laughs again, "you have my blessing."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Of course I am in here," I lie. The truth is I feel no connection to the identity they called friend. I am the gentler and more obedient creature that grew in the soil of his mind, inherited his memories, supplanted him, and fit this pretty body so much better than he would.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>That lie makes the rest of this hurt them more, though. "I love my Mistress. My home is here. If I once cared about any of you, I no longer do. Please either leave immediately or, if Mistress is feeling generous as she was when she met me, permit her to teach you manners."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>My Mistress smiles at my cruelty, and I glow with her approval. She gestures, and I return to my seat. The guests seem to be making noises again, but Mistress uses her magic to restrain them.</p>
<p>Oh! It seems as though she has chosen generosity for them after all.</p>
</section>
</article>
