---
layout: thread
title: A Routine Violation
description: The signs are subtle at first, easily missed. A faint shimmer in the sky. A whisper on the breeze. A thought that tastes a bit off. This time I was lucky and caught them early, giving me time to prepare. Not much that can be done, but I could cancel plans and send people away.
date: Sun Oct 03 00:47:37 +0000 2021
twid: 1444463169775210498
tags:
  - pain
  - them
  - reality/unreality
  - vessel
  - first person
links:
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The signs are subtle at first, easily missed. A faint shimmer in the sky. A whisper on the breeze. A thought that tastes a bit off. This time I was lucky and caught them early, giving me time to prepare. Not much that can be done, but I could cancel plans and send people away.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The uncertainty of its arrival and the looming sense of dread about it make waiting difficult. And this one takes agonizingly long to show up.</p>
<p>Yet soon I feel the telltale fingertips of an invisible hand grazing my head at the temple, and I know it's finally here.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>It plucks a string, pain blooms, the air vibrating in sympathy. The rest of the fingers join. A palm. A thumb at my eye. Pressure. Two digits plunge into brain without breaking skin or bone, and I tremble and cry while it roughly fingers me. I hope one of us enjoys this at least.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>And just like that, reality frays on one side and I feel eyes watching me from inside my head. I taste my own skull. I hear mocking laughter in the shape of the laundry piled in the corner of the room. My words stop being entirely my own and twist around those of The Other.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>I am a puppet again of forces that do not care about me except to enjoy playing with this easy access vessel. They share their secrets with me as a private joke, knowing I can do so little with them. I can't even translate them to language. I just get to know the color of pain.</p>
</section>
</article>
