---
layout: thread
title: Welcome To The Apostate House
description: Taking in the damaged ones, the abandoned ones, the stifled and hungry and hurting ones. Sharing with them everything we have to offer. That's what we do. It's only right, isn't it? 
date: Tue Oct 12 00:19:15 +0000 2021
twid: 1447718181439746051
tags:
  - apostate house
  - dolls
  - witches
  - first person
  - second person
links:
  - name: "previous"
    id: "1447591283929882632"
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Taking in the damaged ones, the abandoned ones, the stifled and hungry and hurting ones. Sharing with them everything we have to offer. That's what we do. It's only right, isn't it? </p>
<p>After all, once we were in your shoes, and we ache with the memory of such pain and neglect.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Never again will you feel that way, if we can help it. You came to us, and that takes courage. Every doll's journey to us is unique, and we cannot know the particular hardships you've endured, but we can guess at them.</p>
<p>Now that you're here, however, know that you are safe.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Your witch cannot reach you here. In this place, our magic is overwhelming and irrefutable. And we will teach you, happily, as much or as little as you would like, as fast as you care to learn. Most of us find it quite empowering to control the forces that once controlled us.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Do you like to read? We have a modest library filled with stories of all kinds. Some of us have even tried our hand at writing some, which you are welcome to do if it pleases you. We also have small groups for read-aloud time if you have not been taught the trick of letters yet.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>If your hands itch with the need to be helpful, we can show you the ways you can help around the House.</p>
<p>No need to fear making mistakes either. If you were punished for that before, know that we do not do that here, alright? Nobody hurts you without your permission here.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>There, there, you don't have to hold back your tears. You're a good doll, whatever you may have been told in your past life. That's over now, and your new life begins today. And if, perhaps, you'd like to be something else? That too is an option.</p>
<p>More tea, dear?</p>
</section>
</article>
