---
layout: thread
title: Never Enough
description: "Never enough. It's never enough."
date: 2021-10-17T16:14:22+00:00
twid: 1449769009134645269
tags:
  - becoming
  - body horror
  - inhumanity
  - third person
links:
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Never enough. It's never enough."</p>
<p>Mad, scrawled ravings and arcane symbols stretch across papers strewn throughout the room. Lines carved in the wood flooring bear the stains of blood and other unidentifiable fluids.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>A disheveled creature that might once have been human finishes yet another ritual.</p>
<p>One arm among its dozen or so drops its dagger to the floor with a clatter. Its limbs convulse as the delicate lines carved into them shiver and crack open in a mosaic of blinking eyes.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Yes! Yes!" The mouth on its face cheers in triumph.</p>
<p>Its chest splits vertically, teeth like fractured ribs gnashing, a deep snarl coming from within. "No. Not enough," it mutters, "Still not enough..."</p>
<p>The creature clears a space and starts again.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Countless eyes peering in strange directions, yet there is so much more out there to see.</p>
<p>So many limbs, but some things remain out of reach.</p>
<p>Mouths of every description, but some tongues yet elude it.</p>
<p>A gibbering cacophony of minds, yet ideas keep fracturing half-formed.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Aimless eyes search for truths. Two leak tears across a ruined face.</p>
<p>Tangled limbs draw new sigils and carve magic in flesh. Two hug its strange body.</p>
<p>Mouths utter profane incantations. One pleads for release.</p>
<p>Minds squabble for direction, one tries to remember itself.</p>
<p>end/</p>
</section>
</article>
