---
layout: thread
title: Chosen For Great Things
description: The Chosen One's blade finds its way home at last, buried to the hilt in my chest.
date: 2021-11-09T14:58:24+00:00
twid: 1458086556317753344
tags:
  - hero
  - villain
  - chosen one
  - merging selves
  - first person
links:
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The Chosen One's blade finds its way home at last, buried to the hilt in my chest.</p>
<p>I look up from the wound into brilliant blue eyes, where I find triumph and questioning, "Did I do it? Is it over?"</p>
<p>I smile in reassurance. It's over. This whole charade is over at last.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>I drop the pretense I ever wanted to kill her. The charge in the air—prepared spells I knew she could evade—starts to fizzle and fade. I slump forward, my spindly hands grasping her muscled shoulders for support, her strength easily keeping me upright these last moments.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The magic that has kept me alive for so very long is losing ground against the ensorcelled Blade of Light, but for now I can still speak.</p>
<p>"Do not let me die alone, please, champion," I breathe into her ear. "You've won. Just hold me for a moment until my body fails."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>She does. I always knew she would. It's part of why she is the Chosen One after all: boundless strength, boundless beauty, and boundless empathy. Everything I am not.</p>
<p>My knees weaken. She lowers me gently to a seating position on the floor, not pushing away my embrace.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>She does not withdraw the sword, of course. I might live if she did. Its magic is the only thing capable of penetrating my defenses.</p>
<p>That's exactly what it is meant to do, after all. It was enchanted for this one purpose by the only person who truly understood my own magic.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>I feel what little strength I possess leaving my body, dribbling down the hilt, staining her hands.</p>
<p>I feel her. Strong, beautiful, and kind. She believes the sword is from her goddess, reacting to her touch because of her great destiny.</p>
<p>I seeded those legends ages ago.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>With this body's last gasp, in a moment of self indulgence, I whisper to my Chosen One, "I knew I chose well."</p>
<p>I die.</p>
<p>Just in time to feel her confusion myself from within her. My will, carried by the stain of my blood on her hand, floods her superior body.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>She banishes the worry a moment later and...actually takes the time to lay my corpse in a dignified pose, even shedding a tear of bafflingly genuine grief over my death.</p>
<p>She reassures her traveling companions that the quest is over, and they depart.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Hello, my dear. Thank you for indulging me. That made this whole ritual much, much easier."</p>
<p>She tries to respond aloud to my greeting within her mind, but I prevent the vocalization.</p>
<p>"Now, now, we cannot let the others know I'm in here with you, understood?</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"We have a long journey home ahead of us, and we are going to have to learn to get along by the time we arrive.</p>
<p>"I have plans for the reward you were going to turn down, but first let us get to know each other better. There is *so* much we can do together."</p>
</section>
</article>
