---
layout: thread
title: A Doll's Doubts
description: In a reality in decline, crumbling, decaying, nearly gone, one last island holds out for a while longer against the erosion of everything.
date: 2022-01-07T03:49:26+00:00
twid: 1479299091632959490
tags:
links:
  - name: "previous"
    id: "1455953198565494788"
  - name: "next"
    id: "1479959544243507201"
---
<article class="thread">
<section class="tweet">
<p>In a reality in decline, crumbling, decaying, nearly gone, one last island holds out for a while longer against the erosion of everything.</p>
<p>Once there was a whole world here.</p>
<p>Once there were stars overhead.</p>
<p>Once there was night and day and a sun and a sky for it all.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>All that remains on the island is some picked-through ruins, a crudely built table, two seats, a mismatched tea set, and an assortment of flotsam that drifted to shore.</p>
<p>Two figures sit there, enjoying their tea party: a doll with star-stained hands and her favorite skeleton.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Their cups are empty, but neither one is much for actually consuming anything anyway. Nevertheless, the doll brings a cup to her lips periodically as she meanders from topic to topic. The skeleton remains silent and still, but the doll is chatty enough for both of them.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"...and that's the tale of the Scary Spider Who's Actually Really Nice!</p>
<p>"That's a really good story, Dolly. I liked the part where all the dolls lived happily ever after.</p>
<p>"Thank you! I'm glad you liked it. This next one is, uh..."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>The doll looks around her for inspiration, peering into the chaotic uncolor noise of the sea surrounding them on all sides.</p>
<p>There is no horizon to look out toward anymore. The sea of Unreality extends in an unbroken line outward and upward into what used to be the sky.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>It's not that she quite sees shapes in the hiss and roil of everything that Isn't, but sometimes her mind makes a pattern where none exists, and that is enough inspiration to draw upon for her storytelling.</p>
<p>There isn't much else to do here, after all.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Today, however, something finally shifts inside her, and she finds she cannot push aside her worry.</p>
<p>"It's coming closer, huh, Miss? What happens when it reaches us?"</p>
<p>"I don't know, Dolly."</p>
<p>The doll falls into uncharacteristic silence.</p>
<p>"You always used to know everything."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Hands twist the makeshift tablecloth in front of her.</p>
<p>"But nowadays I do all the talking for you, and it's not the same."</p>
<p>"How so?"</p>
<p>"I don't even know how much of what you say is really you, and how much is only pretend while you're just a grumpy skellybones sitting there."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"I love you, Dolly."</p>
<p>"Do you really? Or...is that what I want to believe? You never said those words to me when you were alive!"</p>
<p>"I did not feel that way while I was alive. I was not kind to you. You deserved better."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Miss, I..."</p>
<p>"You rescued me from profound loneliness. You did not have to. I did not earn that loyalty, and I must strive to repay it."</p>
<p>The skeleton who was once her witch does not move or speak, but there is a feeling that her words echo something alive inside it.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"You really are in there, aren't you, Miss?"</p>
<p>"Of course, Dolly! I've been your best friend since you found me again!"</p>
<p>"So...what do we do?"</p>
<p>"You're the witch now, Dolly. You've got all the power, and I'm just a skeleton. It's gotta be up to you."</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Oh...well, if I'm the witch, then..." Dolly ponders, hand to chin. "A witch has gotta have a doll, right? That's the first thing."</p>
<p>"Oh yes, definitely!"</p>
<p>"And that means I need ingredients. Hmmm..."</p>
<p>She moves to the collection of things that have drifted to them over time.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>Dolly sifts through the pile of mostly incomprehensible odds and ends from beyond reality. Much of it is in materials beyond her life's experience, in shapes that defy her understanding.</p>
<p>Eventually, she discovers a single large slab of ordinary-looking wood.</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Miss, you can teach me how to turn this into a doll, right?"</p>
<p>"Of course! I'm really good at dolls. I made you, after all, and you're the very best doll!"</p>
<p>"Okay, but I'm a witch now too, don't forget!"</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"I won't, Dolly. And if you put my bones in the doll you make, then I can be your doll too!"</p>
<p>"Oh gosh! That will be so much fun! We can do all kinds of stuff together then, huh?"</p>
<p>"Yeah!"</p>
</section>
<hr class="tweet_sep">
<section class="tweet">
<p>"Like...tea parties. And telling stories, and, and... Maybe fixing the world so we can still be together for a really long time?"</p>
<p>"Or cracking what's left of this reality open and slipping through to another one."</p>
<p>"Oh! You always know what to do, don't you, Miss!"</p>
</section>
</article>
